Point to the updated infra-live example (#130)
gruntwork-io/helm-kubernetes-services: README.adoc

If you want to deploy this repo in production, check out the following resources:

> * **Gruntwork Subscriber Only** https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production/infrastructure-live/services/k8s-service[k8s-service in the example Reference Architecture]: Production-ready sample code from the Reference Architecture example.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Gruntwork Subscriber Only** https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-service-catalog/blob/master/examples/for-production/infrastructure-live/prod/us-west-2/prod/services/k8s-sample-app-frontend/terragrunt.hcl[k8s-service in the example Reference Architecture]: Production-ready sample code from the Reference Architecture example.
```
